Merge /vue-strap into /markbind (#1248)
MarkBind/markbind: frontend/components/README.md

> # MarkBind Vue components

Reviewer: Much of the content removed in https://github.com/MarkBind/markbind/pull/1248/commits/99245c49ac7c9e573cf91bfb775e3f8d87b04449 is still relevant and should be restored.

> This folder contains MarkBind's [vuejs](https://vuejs.org/) UI components.

Reviewer: Not resolved.

Many of the components under this folder were originally from [MarkBind's forked project](https://github.com/MarkBind/vue-strap) of [VueStrap](https://github.com/yuche/vue-strap).

They were modified to suit MarkBind's needs for educational and documentation websites.

Some custom directives were also added for MarkBind's own use.

### Components modified from [Markbind/vue-strap](https://github.com/MarkBind/vue-strap)

- Pic.vue
- Question.vue
- Retriever.vue
- Searchbar.vue
- SearchbarPageItem.vue
- Thumbnail.vue
- TipBox.vue

> - Affix.vue

Author: resolved per https://github.com/MarkBind/markbind/pull/1248#discussion_r439834040

# vue-strap
*Many of the components under this folder was from markbind's forked project of VueStrap.*

> ## License

Author: Looking at this list again, was there a reason you seperated "ported" and "modified" actually?
Iirc at least 90% (haven't looked at the others) of the components had markbind contributors in `git annotate`; We could just lump them together on that note

> ## License

Reviewer: I didn't mean to separate "ported" and "modified" (both lists mention "ported"), but to separate components that did not originate from [yuche/vue-strap](https://github.com/yuche/vue-strap).

> ## License

Author: ahhh ok, I'll reseparate it under that with the additional custom directives heading

# MarkBind Vue components

This folder contains MarkBind's [vuejs](https://vuejs.org/) UI components.

> Most of the styles are based on Bootstrap's markup and CSS. As a result no dependency Bootstrap's JavaScript is required. The only required dependencies are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the styles are based on Bootstrap's markup and CSS, but no dependency on Bootstrap's JavaScript is required. The only required dependencies are:
```

> * [Vue.js](http://vuejs.org/) (required ^v2.x.x, test with v2.5.16).	They were modified to suit MarkBind's needs for educational and documentation websites.

Reviewer: The additional line seems out of place here.

```suggestion
* [Vue.js](http://vuejs.org/) (required ^v2.x.x, test with v2.5.16).
```

* [Bootstrap CSS](http://getbootstrap.com/) (required 4.x.x, test with 4.1.1). VueStrap doesn't depend on a very precise version of Bootstrap.

## Components / directives

> Many of the components under this folder were originally from [MarkBind's forked project](https://github.com/MarkBind/vue-strap) of [VueStrap](https://github.com/yuche/vue-strap), and were modified to suit MarkBind's needs for educational and documentation websites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many of the components under this folder were originally from [MarkBind/vue-strap](https://github.com/MarkBind/vue-strap), forked from [yuche/vue-strap](https://github.com/yuche/vue-strap), and modified to suit MarkBind's needs for educational and documentation websites.
```

> Some custom directives were also added for MarkBind's own use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some custom directives were also added for MarkBind's use.
```

### MarkBind components ported from [Markbind/vue-strap](https://github.com/MarkBind/vue-strap):

- Pic.vue
- Question.vue
- Retriever.vue
- Searchbar.vue
- SearchbarPageItem.vue
- Thumbnail.vue
- TipBox.vue

### Custom directives ported from [Markbind/vue-strap](https://github.com/MarkBind/vue-strap)

- Closeable.js
- Float.js

> ### VueStrap components modified for use in MarkBind; ported from [Markbind/vue-strap](https://github.com/MarkBind/vue-strap), a fork of [yuche/vue-strap](https://github.com/yuche/vue-strap):

Reviewer: Headings shouldn't be this long. And already mentioned above.

```suggestion
### VueStrap components modified for use in MarkBind
```

- Affix.vue
- Dropdown.vue
- Navbar.vue
- NestedPanel.vue
- MinimalPanel.vue
- Tab.vue
- TabGroup.vue
- Tabset.vue
- Typeahead.vue

## Installation

### Browser globals

> The `dist` folder contains `vue-strap.js` and `vue-strap.min.js` with all components exported in the <code>window.VueStrap</code> object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The `dist` folder contains `vue-strap.js` and `vue-strap.min.js` with all components exported in the `window.VueStrap` object.
```

> ```html	- Pic.vue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```html
```

<script src="path/to/vue.js"></script>
<script src="path/to/vue-strap.js"></script>
<script>
    var vm = new Vue({
        components: {
            alert: VueStrap.alert
        },
        el: "#app",
        data: {
            showRight: false,
            showTop: false
        }
    })
</script>
```

## Docs
See the [documentation](https://markbind.org/userGuide/usingComponents.html) with live editable examples.	

## Local Setup
* Install with `npm install`.
* Build with `npm run build`.	

## Lint the code for any code and style errors using ESLint

> * For Unix: `npm run lint`	

Reviewer: Do check the diff when committing: https://github.com/MarkBind/markbind/commit/949d9097eba63b37fdb1e7ab721c9ad5778f380c

```suggestion
* For Unix: `npm run lint`
```
